вҖӘ["Mfaz' omnyama" playing]
вҖӘ[music softens]
вҖӘ[Joyce] вҖӘIntroducing our latest collection.
вҖӘcrafted with botanical blends
вҖӘ-and pure essential oils.
вҖӘ-[shutter clicking]
вҖӘ-Each product turns your bathвҖҰ
вҖӘ-[chuckling]
вҖӘвҖҰinto a ritual.
вҖӘIvory Oasis Baths.
вҖӘyour sanctuary reimagined.
вҖӘYou know.
вҖӘI have played second fiddle
вҖӘ-to this woman for far too longвҖҰ
вҖӘ-[applauding]
вҖӘвҖҰand I'm tired.
вҖӘ-I've had enough.
вҖӘ-[sighs]
вҖӘ[clicks tongue] Polygamy.
вҖӘmy friend. it's messy.
вҖӘYou know. what would be good for her
вҖӘand everyone else.
вҖӘis if she issues
вҖӘthat press release on Friday.
вҖӘSo that's why she delayed
вҖӘthe press release.
вҖӘIt's because of the launch.
вҖӘMy collaboration with Ivory Oasis Baths
вҖӘhas truly.
вҖӘ-truly been a match made in heaven.
вҖӘ-[shutter clicking]
вҖӘSince we started working together.
вҖӘ-we've just been trending and trendingвҖҰ
вҖӘ-[Jonasi chuckles]
вҖӘand we've been
вҖӘcrashing sales records while we're at it.
вҖӘ-[Jonasi] Mmm. Mmm.
вҖӘ-Hey?
вҖӘ[phone beeping]
вҖӘWhoa.
вҖӘ-[mouths words] There we go.
вҖӘ-[phone chimes]
вҖӘAnd I do not doubt for one secondвҖҰ
вҖӘ-[phone chiming]
вҖӘ-вҖҰthat the new glow-up bath bombs
вҖӘwe're launching
вҖӘare going to do just the same.
вҖӘ-[phones chiming]
вҖӘ-So. ladies and gentlemen.
вҖӘplease enjoy the new glow-up bath bombs
вҖӘ-from Ivory Oasis Baths.
вҖӘ-[phone chimes]
вҖӘ-There we go.
вҖӘ-[gasps]
вҖӘ-[phones chiming]
вҖӘ-[clears throat]
вҖӘSmile for the camera. Joyce.
вҖӘIs this true?
вҖӘ-[murmuring]
вҖӘ-[shutter clicking]
вҖӘ[phones chiming]
вҖӘHave you seen this. guys?
вҖӘ[murmuring continues]
вҖӘ[laughs]
вҖӘI was going to make
вҖӘan official announcement.
вҖӘUh. I'd like the whole of South Africa
вҖӘto congratulate me.
вҖӘI've welcomed my sister-wife.
вҖӘMatipa Gomora.
вҖӘ[reporter] So what about the kids?
вҖӘ-[chuckles]
вҖӘ-There you go.
вҖӘOh. Yes. that is true.
вҖӘWe've welcomed not one. but two babies.
вҖӘ-[reporter] Twins?
вҖӘ-[Joyce] Twins.
вҖӘMore love lives at the Gomoras.
вҖӘ-[chuckles]
вҖӘ-That's all. Let's go.
вҖӘ-Thank you.
вҖӘ-Thank you. Thank you.
вҖӘ-Ugh. She's so sly. She's so sly.
вҖӘ-Whoa. Whoa.
вҖӘWhoa. friend.
вҖӘ[sighs]
вҖӘ[both laugh]
вҖӘ-[birds chirping]
вҖӘ-[dogs barking]
вҖӘTHERE'S TROUBLE IN SODOM AND
вҖӘвҖҰGOMORA LOL
вҖӘ-[clicks tongue. groans]
вҖӘ-[phone locks]
вҖӘWhatever.
вҖӘ[Jonasi] Menzi.
вҖӘMpume.
вҖӘWhere are these kids?
вҖӘWhere are you going?
вҖӘ-Where are you going. Mpume?
вҖӘ-I'm going to Lindani.
вҖӘ[Jonasi] It's Sunday today.
вҖӘ-You know the tradition.
вҖӘ-[mocks]
вҖӘ-[Freedom] Hey. Mpume.
вҖӘ-[Mpume scoffs] Leave me alone.
вҖӘWhat are you doing here?
вҖӘGomora.
вҖӘ[Menzi] What's up. Free?
вҖӘ-[Freedom] Hey. my brother.
вҖӘ-[Menzi] You're already here. bro.
вҖӘ-[pants] Are you good?
вҖӘ-All good. boy. What's up?
вҖӘ-I'm good. man.
вҖӘ-Great.
вҖӘ-Let's go.
вҖӘ-Yeah. let's go.
вҖӘWhere are you going?
вҖӘUh. no. we're going to church.
вҖӘYeah. we're going to church.
вҖӘWe will even say a little prayer for you.
вҖӘGomora.
вҖӘYou can leave.
вҖӘI'll stay here with my wife.
вҖӘJust the two of us.
вҖӘAnd where are you off to?
вҖӘI have brunch with Thembi.
вҖӘBut you know that today is Sunday.
вҖӘWe have barbeques on Sundays.
вҖӘYou know that.
вҖӘ-Oh.
вҖӘ-Mm-hmm.
вҖӘGo ahead and do it then. braai master.
вҖӘEnjoy.
вҖӘExcuse me.
вҖӘ[car chimes]
вҖӘ[car door opens. closes]
вҖӘ[engine revs]
вҖӘMa. thisвҖҰ this is so childish.
вҖӘI don't see the reason for me to be here.
вҖӘYou have Google and Jonasi
вҖӘwho tell you everything you need to know.
вҖӘOkay. so all this drama
вҖӘthat you're causing
вҖӘis because I decided
вҖӘto marry a man that I love?
вҖӘCall me when you really need me.
вҖӘGoodbye. my dear.
вҖӘOh. hello. Ma.
вҖӘ[scoffs]
вҖӘ[Freedom] вҖӘAh. that Jonasi.
вҖӘYour father loves you so much.
вҖӘhe gave you another mother.
вҖӘ[machine whirring]
вҖӘ-What's funny about that?
вҖӘ-[chuckles] Come on. bro.
вҖӘYou think this shit
вҖӘthat Jonasi is doing is funny?
вҖӘYou see that hate and anger
вҖӘyou have in your heart right now?
вҖӘI want you to direct it at your father.
вҖӘBecause you are all in this mess
вҖӘbecause of your father.
вҖӘDon't forget that. my guy.
вҖӘ[Jonasi] вҖӘWhat made you think
вҖӘit was a good idea
вҖӘ-to post our affairs on social media?
вҖӘ-Okay.
вҖӘRight now my family
вҖӘhas turned its back on me.
вҖӘAt the same time. everyone
вҖӘis trolling Joyce on social media.
вҖӘJoyce is dealing with a lot.
вҖӘEverything is--
вҖӘ[groans] Enough about Joyce already!
вҖӘEveryday it's Joyce this. Joyce that.
вҖӘJoyceвҖҰ Fucking Joyce.
вҖӘGive me a break.
вҖӘI might even end up dreaming about her.
вҖӘHere's what you'll dream about.
вҖӘThat's my wife.
вҖӘYou need to respect her
вҖӘbecause she's my first wife.
вҖӘUnderstand?
вҖӘWhen you say I need to respect her.
вҖӘdo you mean I have to
вҖӘconform to all her rulesвҖҰ
вҖӘ-Mm-hmm.
вҖӘ-вҖҰand all the Ts and Cs that she brings?
вҖӘ-You can forget about that.
вҖӘ-[babies crying]
вҖӘ-Where are you going?
вҖӘ-[crying continues]
вҖӘYou woke the kids up.
вҖӘWho's gonna put them back to sleep?
вҖӘOh. so I woke them up?
вҖӘYou're the one shouting here.
вҖӘDo you want me to just stick around and
вҖӘlisten to you bitching about everything?
вҖӘ-[scoffs]
вҖӘ-You're crazy.
вҖӘHey. Jonasi.
вҖӘHey. Jonasi. you gonna
вҖӘleave them crying?
вҖӘ[crying continues]
вҖӘ[phone chimes]
вҖӘ[Joyce. on phone] вҖӘHi. Mapaseka.
вҖӘI'm sure you've already seen the news.
вҖӘI'd like to go ahead
вҖӘwith the interview tomorrow. please.
вҖӘ[phone chimes]
вҖӘMenzi.
вҖӘYes. Uh. is it okay if I come in?
вҖӘDid your mother send you here?
вҖӘNo. No. no. ItвҖҰ It wasn't my ma.
вҖӘI just wanted to see my little sisters.
вҖӘBut only if that's okay with you.
вҖӘ[stammers] Yeah. sure. Please come in.
вҖӘOh. Thank you.
вҖӘ-[crickets chirping]
вҖӘ-[dogs barking]
вҖӘ[baby babbling]
вҖӘ[Menzi] Hello. Hey.
вҖӘWho wants a kissy?
вҖӘWho wants a kissy? You want a kissy?
вҖӘHmm? Ah.
вҖӘ-Who loves me more?
вҖӘ-[door opens]
вҖӘ-Huh?
вҖӘ-[babies babbling]
вҖӘ[chuckles]
вҖӘYo. They're so beautiful.
вҖӘThey remind me
вҖӘof Nkazimulo when he was a baby.
вҖӘThank you. Menzi.
вҖӘ[sighs] I don't even think
вҖӘI would've gotten a chance
вҖӘto take a shower if you hadn't arrived.
вҖӘ-[phone ringing]
вҖӘ-[sighs]
вҖӘ-Excuse me.
вҖӘ-[phone chimes]
вҖӘ-[phone locks]
вҖӘ-[ringing stops]
вҖӘUh. I'm sure it's nothing important.
вҖӘI'll call them back.
вҖӘ-[door closes]
вҖӘ-[keys jingle]
вҖӘJoyce.
вҖӘ[singsongy] Joycie.
вҖӘAre you sleeping?
вҖӘAre you awake? Joyce.
вҖӘ[sighs. inhales]
вҖӘI'm ready for you. [exhales]
вҖӘMm-mmm. Jo.
вҖӘI have a headache.
вҖӘWhat about my head? Hmm?
вҖӘ[groans] Jo. stop.
вҖӘ[sighs. clicks tongue]
вҖӘ[exhales sharply. groans]
вҖӘI'll handle it myself.
вҖӘ[inhales sharply]
вҖӘ[exhales]
вҖӘ[Jonasi moans]
вҖӘ[Mapaseka. on tablet] вҖӘTwo decades later.
вҖӘand you still have this effect
вҖӘon each other?
вҖӘWhat's your secret?
вҖӘ-[Jonasi]вҖӘ Love. Mmm.
вҖӘ-[Mapaseka]вҖӘ Hmm.
вҖӘ-[Joyce] вҖӘUnconditional love.
вҖӘ-[Jonasi] вҖӘExactly.
вҖӘIn the good and the bad times.
вҖӘ[both] Angels & Demons.
вҖӘ-[Jonasi] вҖӘYes.
вҖӘ-[Joyce] вҖӘMm-hmm.
вҖӘ[Mapaseka] вҖӘWow. elaborate.
вҖӘTrue love conquers all adversity.
вҖӘ-Yeah.
вҖӘ-Mmm.
вҖӘAnd that. you know. is the secret.
вҖӘ-вҖӘI'm telling you.
вҖӘ-[Joyce chuckle]
вҖӘ-[Jonasi. Joyce kiss]
вҖӘ-[Jonasi] вҖӘThat's it.
вҖӘSo by "demons."
вҖӘwho exactly did you mean?
вҖӘ-Matipa?
вҖӘ-[chuckles]
вҖӘOf course not.
вҖӘNo. when we're talk about Matipa.
вҖӘwe're talking about an angel.
вҖӘ-Is she?
вҖӘ-Yes. yes.
вҖӘWhen we talk about love
вҖӘfor Black people. Black loveвҖҰ
вҖӘ-Mmm.
вҖӘ-вҖҰwe're talking about something different.
вҖӘIt comes in different shapes
вҖӘand in different forms.
вҖӘand polygamy is one of those forms.
вҖӘJoyce.
вҖӘwe've watched you over the years.
вҖӘWe know what your marriage means to you.
вҖӘNow. to have to invite another woman
вҖӘinto your sacred space?
вҖӘYou know. sometimes things change.
вҖӘPeople's needs change.
вҖӘHold on. so you agreed
вҖӘto your husband needing another woman?
вҖӘWell. no. We wanted to grow our family.
вҖӘAnd. yes. I admit
вҖӘit wasn't an easy decision.
вҖӘBut at the end of the day.
вҖӘthis is what we decided on.
вҖӘWhat we did doesn't scare me at all.
вҖӘNot as much as the reaction
вҖӘwe are getting from South African people.
вҖӘ-[scoffs]
вҖӘ-[Joyce. on phone] вҖӘMy goodness.
вҖӘIsn't this our culture?
вҖӘLet's not forget that our forefathers
вҖӘand their forefathers
вҖӘdid the very same thing that we're doing.
вҖӘBut now that we're doing it
вҖӘas the Gomoras. everyone is up in arms.
вҖӘBecause all of a sudden it was done
вҖӘby people who are prominent?
вҖӘHigh-profile people like us. the Gomoras?
вҖӘ-No. that's not right.
вҖӘ-[clicks tongue]
вҖӘ-[Freedom groans]
вҖӘ-[Essie scoffs]
вҖӘ-[Freedom] Hey. how's it going?
вҖӘ-We're not white people from Europe.
вҖӘ-You haven't seen my shirt?
вҖӘ-[shushes]
вҖӘ-They need to view us as South AfricansвҖҰ
вҖӘ-Stop it. you're disturbing me.
вҖӘ-Why? What's going on?
вҖӘ-вҖҰand not as Europeans.
вҖӘ[Essie] It's Joyce.
вҖӘ[Mapaseka] Your husband
вҖӘis marrying another woman.
вҖӘA younger woman at that.
вҖӘAnd a woman who's just given him
вҖӘtwo brand new babies.
вҖӘYou're okay with that?
вҖӘHe worked very hard
вҖӘto build the empire we have today.
вҖӘThe legacy of Gomora.
вҖӘAdding children to that isвҖҰ
вҖӘIt ensures that
вҖӘthis legacy of ours expands.
вҖӘAren't you tired of your obsession
вҖӘwith Aunt Joyce. Ma?
вҖӘDay and night you go on about her.
вҖӘ"Aunt Joyce this and that."
вҖӘ-It's annoying now.
вҖӘ-What the hell?
вҖӘAnd what's your problem?
вҖӘI could be asking you. Ma.
вҖӘwhat is your problem exactly?
вҖӘHere we go. They're talking about
вҖӘthe Gomora kids again.
вҖӘBut Sarah Gomora. no.
вҖӘI've never heard anything about Sarah.
вҖӘHmm? A whole 19 years. Ma?
вҖӘSo here's what's going to happen.
вҖӘ-When I pass my exam. MumвҖҰ
вҖӘ-[car stops]
вҖӘ-вҖҰwe're doing a coming-of-age ceremony.
вҖӘ-[car door opens]
вҖӘ-My real biological fatherвҖҰ
вҖӘ-[car door closes]
вҖӘвҖҰhas to honor me in front of everyone.
вҖӘ-[door opens]
вҖӘ-Isn't that fair. huh?
вҖӘ-[footsteps approaching]
вҖӘ-[Magesh] UhвҖҰ
вҖӘHello. What's going on?
вҖӘUgh.
вҖӘAnd then? What's going on?
вҖӘWe need to talk about Sarah.
вҖӘ[Mapaseka] So. we all know
вҖӘthat polygamy is a slippery slide.
вҖӘIt's Matipa now.
вҖӘand then there'll be another woman.
вҖӘand then there'll be another one.
вҖӘAre you saying you are really.
вҖӘreally okay with that?
вҖӘ[shutter clicking]
вҖӘYou know. you mentioned
вҖӘearlier in our conversation
вҖӘthat Matipa is still very young.
вҖӘ-Mmm.
вҖӘ-[Joyce] She's in her youth.
вҖӘYou know what that means right?
вҖӘThat means she can still
вҖӘgive birth to more children.
вҖӘAnd. who knows? If we're lucky.
вҖӘshe may give birth to quadruplets.
вҖӘUgh. She's crazy.
вҖӘSo she's saying I'm here
вҖӘto be a baby-making machine?
вҖӘ[car door closes]
вҖӘ[door opens]
вҖӘ[door closes]
вҖӘMy love.
вҖӘI didn't like how we ended things
вҖӘthe last time we spoke.
вҖӘI just wanted toвҖҰ
вҖӘapologize.
вҖӘThank you.
вҖӘ[sighs]
вҖӘTell me. what are your intentions?
вҖӘ-Hmm?
вҖӘ-Are you trying to create a garden
вҖӘwith all the flowers
вҖӘyou keep bringing here?
вҖӘ[chuckles]
вҖӘYou know. I justвҖҰ I just wantвҖҰ
вҖӘI want us to always be happy.
вҖӘThat's why I came here to say I'm sorry.
вҖӘ-Do you know what I want?
вҖӘ-What?
вҖӘI want a white wedding.
вҖӘOh. You know what I want?
вҖӘ-I wanna get laid.
вҖӘ-No. no.
вҖӘ-[stammers] What's wrong?
вҖӘ-I'm serious. I'm not joking.
вҖӘ[sighs]
вҖӘIt won't happen right away.
вҖӘYes. the situation is still sensitive.
вҖӘThe babies are also too young.
вҖӘMmm.
вҖӘ-Mmm. Okay.
вҖӘ-Yeah.
вҖӘSo when will it happen?
вҖӘTell me. will it be once
вҖӘwe get the first wife's permission?
вҖӘEnough! Stop!
вҖӘ[stammers] You know.
вҖӘbefore I made you official.
вҖӘ-you and I were happy.
вҖӘ-Wow.
вҖӘMmm. But now all you do.
вҖӘyou just bitch about every little thing.
вҖӘ-Oh. my God. [chuckles]
вҖӘ-Yeah.
вҖӘDon't forget that.
вҖӘbefore you got into this marriage.
вҖӘyou were aware Joyce was in the picture.
вҖӘYou knew that.
вҖӘDon't forget that.
вҖӘWhere are you going?
вҖӘ-[Jonasi scoffs]
вҖӘ-[Matipa] So you're just gonna leave?
вҖӘDo you even care that your kids
вҖӘhave their vaccine shots tomorrow?
вҖӘ-[door slams]
вҖӘ-[babies crying]
вҖӘ[exhales sharply]
вҖӘ[door closes]
вҖӘ[Joyce pants]
вҖӘTrinity. I'm very sorry.
вҖӘTrinity. I'm so sorry.
вҖӘThe traffic out there was so bad.
вҖӘI'm sure you've seen this.
вҖӘI asked you about this Matipa girl.
вҖӘand you lied to me.
вҖӘWhat? No. I didn't lie to you at all.
вҖӘYou asked me about rumors
вҖӘthat you yourself couldn't prove.
вҖӘSo you had no intentions of
вҖӘtelling me about this #moreloveliveshere.
вҖӘdespite our contract?
вҖӘI was going to tell you. Trinity.
вҖӘActually. I was planning on telling you
вҖӘright after the launch.
вҖӘThat went to hell after the bad PR
вҖӘthat you brought Ivory Oasis Baths.
вҖӘGoodness.
вҖӘWhen you say bad PR.
вҖӘdo you mean how viral you went
вҖӘwithin minutes of launching?
вҖӘ[Trinity] Not the way we wanted to. Okay?
вҖӘYou're running around town
вҖӘdoing senseless interviews
вҖӘand not even clearing it with me.
вҖӘThis campaign is of global appeal.
вҖӘAll this drama
вҖӘis making the brand look bad.
вҖӘ[Joyce] No. Please stop it now. Please.
вҖӘWow.
вҖӘGomora is marrying a second wife.
вҖӘSo why is that on me?
вҖӘThis is my life.
вҖӘThis is my children's life.
вҖӘIt's my marriage that's being dragged
вҖӘall over social media.
вҖӘI was fine. I was minding my own business.
вҖӘthen I was approached to be a
вҖӘbrand ambassador by you.
вҖӘIt wasn't the other way around.
вҖӘ-I want you to remember that.
вҖӘ-I know. but--
вҖӘThen welcome to this chapter
вҖӘof my life. my dear.
вҖӘGet comfortable with it!
вҖӘCome on. now.
вҖӘAnd listen carefully.
вҖӘI need you to do one thing for me.
вҖӘLet me know if you still want me
вҖӘto be your brand ambassador or not.
вҖӘOr hurry up and let me know
вҖӘif you've decided
вҖӘyou'd like to pay me the remainder
вҖӘof my contract.
вҖӘJeez.
вҖӘTelling me nonsense.
вҖӘ-My goodness.
вҖӘ-[sighs]
вҖӘ[Jonasi] вҖӘI'm here now. I'm here.
вҖӘI'm not going anywhere.
вҖӘIt's me and you now.
вҖӘFor good this time.
вҖӘ[Mapaseka] вҖӘYour husband is marrying
вҖӘanother womanвҖҰ
вҖӘ[breathing shakily]
вҖӘвҖҰa woman who's given him
вҖӘtwo beautiful babies.
вҖӘ[hyperventilating]
вҖӘ[sobbing]
вҖӘMom. are you okay?
вҖӘ[sobbing continues]
вҖӘ[Mpume] Mmm.
вҖӘMmm.
вҖӘ[sobbing. sniffles]
вҖӘOh. you don't deserve this. Mom.
вҖӘ-[breathing heavily]
вҖӘ-You don't.
вҖӘ-I'm okay.
вҖӘ-Mmm.
вҖӘ[shushes]
вҖӘ-I'll be okay.
вҖӘ-Mm-hmm.
вҖӘI'll be all right.
вҖӘ[sniffles]
вҖӘAnd how are you?
вҖӘI mean. if you're going to
вҖӘpretend to be okay.
вҖӘI will too.
вҖӘ-[groans]
вҖӘ-[sniffles]
вҖӘI see that you're still defending him.
вҖӘThis affects all of us. Mom.
вҖӘIt's not just you.
вҖӘOh. Baby. I'm sorry.
вҖӘ[chuckles]
вҖӘHe's a fool for not seeing your worth.
вҖӘ[knocks on door]
вҖӘ[dogs barking]
вҖӘ-Oh? [chuckles]
вҖӘ-[Jonasi chuckles]
вҖӘ-Hello.
вҖӘ-MaQwabe.
вҖӘ-How are you?
вҖӘ-[sighs] I'm good.
вҖӘHow are you doing?
вҖӘ-We're good.
вҖӘ-Uh-huh. [sniffs]
вҖӘ-Hmm. Did you cook?
вҖӘ-Mmm.
вҖӘ-Keep it down. You shouldn't be here.
вҖӘ-[Matipa] Shut up. Shut up.
вҖӘ-You always make a noise when you come.
вҖӘ-[Matipa] Joyce!
вҖӘ-Please calm down.
вҖӘ-Are you done?
вҖӘ-Joyce!
вҖӘ-[Ntombi] Oh. my goodness.
вҖӘ-Ma'am. I tried to calm her down.
вҖӘ-No. don't worry about it.
вҖӘ-Don't worry.
вҖӘ-[Ntombi] Oh. gosh.
вҖӘ[Joyce] I know how to deal with trash.
вҖӘHey. hey. hey. hey. hey.
вҖӘWhat is your problem? Why do you always
вҖӘmake a lot of noise in my house?
вҖӘAw. Joycie. I thought we're family now.
вҖӘWhat's mine is yours
вҖӘand what's yours is mine.
вҖӘ[Joyce scoffs]
вҖӘWhat do you want. Matipa?
вҖӘI'm looking for our husband.
вҖӘHis children needed him today.
вҖӘ-But he decided to be a no-show.
вҖӘ-Huh?
вҖӘ[chuckles]
вҖӘAre things falling apart for you?
вҖӘ[chuckling] Oh. wow.
вҖӘthere's trouble in paradise.
вҖӘSo tell me. dear.
вҖӘby telling the first wife
вҖӘabout this dilemma of yours.
вҖӘtell me what do you
вҖӘwant me to do about it?
вҖӘHmm?
вҖӘ-You just love putting on a show.
вҖӘ-[chuckling]
вҖӘ-I see that.
вҖӘ-Let me tell you something. first wife.
вҖӘ-Mm-hmm.
вҖӘYou forget that I know
вҖӘwhat type of woman you are.
вҖӘYou're the blackmailing type.
вҖӘ-Oh. okay.
вҖӘ-So maybe that's exactly what you did.
вҖӘOh?
вҖӘYou blackmailed him to stay with you.
вҖӘ-Oh?
вҖӘ-You hate the fact that Jonasi chose me.
вҖӘHe chose you? You're the chosen one?
вҖӘ-My goodness. Forgive me. chosen one.
вҖӘ-[sighs]
вҖӘPlease do me a favor.
вҖӘOpen your eyes and stop being an idiot.
вҖӘDo you see your husband here? Huh?
вҖӘIs Jonasi in this house?
вҖӘOr maybe you put him on my head?
вҖӘDon't come here with that nonsense.
вҖӘAnd do me one more favor. Matipa.
вҖӘWhen you find that man of yours.
вҖӘlet him know I'm also looking for him.
вҖӘHe needs to explain where he was today.
вҖӘBecause he was meant to be
вҖӘat Nkazi's recital.
вҖӘSomething I told him about months ago!
вҖӘ[exhales sharply]
вҖӘ[Essie] So. how are things?
вҖӘIs the new wife treating you well?
вҖӘ-[sighs]
вҖӘ-Is it that bad?
вҖӘI don't know where to start. [scoffs] Wow.
вҖӘ-[Essie scoffs]
вҖӘ-Mmm.
вҖӘMmm!
вҖӘ-Wow. My goodness.
вҖӘ-Jonasi.
вҖӘ-It's delicious.
вҖӘ-[chuckles]
вҖӘ-Mmm. Mmm.
вҖӘ-Is this how you eat now?
вҖӘI'm hungry.
вҖӘ-Wow.
вҖӘ-[Jonasi] Mmm.
вҖӘWhy are you eating like a homeless person
вҖӘwhile you have a new wife?
вҖӘ-Don't they cook at home?
вҖӘ-[chuckling]
вҖӘ[Essie chuckles] Goodness.
вҖӘI was really hungry.
вҖӘOh. Please put it away.
вҖӘ[Matipa] So you're telling meвҖҰ
вҖӘhe disappeared on the both of us?
вҖӘ[dramatic music playing]
вҖӘLooks like it.
вҖӘThis guy is here?
вҖӘ[both breathing heavily]
вҖӘ-Yes. [grunts] Yes.
вҖӘ-[moaning]